nice fucking car around I like this shit
Sun rooftops that what they say in the
riffraff videos no no let's call a
visible top what the fuck have a fuck me
work shit
is he coming in now I don't know let me
find out
hey keep back a town already yeah this
guy
yeah man little got you babysitting and
everything follow you around make sure
you get here now yeah it should be we
playing are you coming for real mr.
white Oh baby I'm at work yeah I told
you I got a job I just got a job
yesterday give me this Escalade to pick
up assholes for an airport and take them
to ourselves yeah this guy named MC rob
beer or a Rob V I think it's without the
MC yeah you know I can't talk right now
here he comes
hey one YouTube video out with those
girls on there and when one girl had a
tampon string Shawn
that was a sexy ass video I checked off
to that like five times but yeah that
was you asshole yeah that was you I was
trying to murk myself to that again the
other day and I said video was removed
why the fuck did you remove it asshole
that was a great video
can we go down yeah fuck it are we going
you're supposed to know the fuck I just
got this job yesterday
the fuck you mean I'm just Boston oh I
don't know hello
Hey Oh you went outside come on try huh
I know where he's gonna go hey is that
the same girl with the tampon string
shine hey ask her she likes doubles oh
yeah what up this the nephew DJed is
like you're tuned in